dance with me tad Hamilton is
hollywood's biggest star he's so
fantastic he's fantastic and I gave you
a kiss goodbye
she thinks that in real life he's the
person he seems to be on the screen I
bet so yeah because he's not that good
an actor congratulations you're actually
drinking driving smoking leering and
groping at the same time oh my god what
is that weird date with tad Hamilton
what should I enter sure heaven is just
a mouse-click away
you're the head of a second tell me
again where you're making me up dinner
with an oaky
we just need to remind America that you
are the boy next door
[Music]
be careful okay guard your carnal
treasure hurt you why so you ready
Wow it's beautiful I had one of those
ferret a nurse I had really bad teeth as
a kid well you came together nicely
thank you
so did you sweet dreams
Rosie I can't that's something that want
to ask you what would be the absolute
worst thing that could happen to me
right now I'm tad I can't believe you're
here almost no one that goodness rub off
on me he wants your goodness to rub off
on you what's your butt to rub off on
Rosie I love you
tad Hamilton is an actor how do you know
that he's not acting with you
hello
from DreamWorks Pictures I love Rosie
you gotta win her back I will tear you
to pieces with my bare hands or vicious
rhetoric in every love story you sure
you know what you're doing yeah there's
only room well I'd be happy to show you
a couple of everyday farm chores for one
leading man mm-hmm yeah let's do this
way to date with tad Hamilton and the
luck continues that's great
[Music]